com/epam/jwd/sort/SortParagraphsBySentencesAmountTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.sort.SortParagraphsBySentencesAmountTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/SwapExpressionTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.SwapExpressionTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/AndExpressionTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.AndExpressionTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/LeftShiftExpressionTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.LeftShiftExpressionTest
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/ParagraphParserTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.ParagraphParserTest
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/TextSentenceParserTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.TextSentenceParserTest
com/epam/jwd/app/ApplicationTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.app.ApplicationTest
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/ParagraphTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.ParagraphTest
com/epam/jwd/sort/SortSentencesByWordsLengthTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.sort.SortSentencesByWordsLengthTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/InterpretEngineTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.InterpretEngineTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/RightShiftExpressionTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.RightShiftExpressionTest
com/epam/jwd/sort/SortBySymbolAmountInDescendingOrderThenInNaturalOrderTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.sort.SortBySymbolAmountInDescendingOrderThenInNaturalOrderTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/NumberExpressionTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.NumberExpressionTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/OrExpressionTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.OrExpressionTest
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/WordParserTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.WordParserTest
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/TextSentenceTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.TextSentenceTest
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/ExpressionParserTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.ExpressionParserTest
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/TextTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.TextTest
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/WordTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.WordTest
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/TextParserTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.TextParserTest
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/XOrExpressionTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.XOrExpressionTest
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/SymbolTest.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.SymbolTest
