com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/RightShiftExpression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.RightShiftExpression
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/LeftShiftExpression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.LeftShiftExpression
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/Word.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.Word
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/ExpressionParser.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.ExpressionParser
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/NumberExpression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.NumberExpression
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/OrExpression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.OrExpression
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/SwapExpression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.SwapExpression
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/ParagraphParser.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.ParagraphParser
com/epam/jwd/exeption/IncorrectTextException.java
 com.epam.jwd.exeption.IncorrectTextException
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/InterpretEngine.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.InterpretEngine
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/Paragraph.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.Paragraph
com/epam/jwd/util/IOUtil.java
 com.epam.jwd.util.IOUtil
com/epam/jwd/sort/SortSentencesByWordsLength.java
 com.epam.jwd.sort.SortSentencesByWordsLength
com/epam/jwd/sort/SortBySymbolAmountInDescendingOrderThenInNaturalOrder.java
 com.epam.jwd.sort.SortBySymbolAmountInDescendingOrderThenInNaturalOrder
com/epam/jwd/parser/Parser.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.Parser
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/TextParser.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.TextParser
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/AndExpression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.AndExpression
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/WordParser.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.WordParser
com/epam/jwd/sort/SortParagraphsBySentencesAmount.java
 com.epam.jwd.sort.SortParagraphsBySentencesAmount
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/TextSentence.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.TextSentence
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/BaseParser.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.BaseParser
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/Text.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.Text
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/Evaluator.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.Evaluator
com/epam/jwd/model/Lexeme.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.Lexeme
com/epam/jwd/app/Application.java
 com.epam.jwd.app.Application
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/impl/XOrExpression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.impl.XOrExpression
com/epam/jwd/model/impl/Symbol.java
 com.epam.jwd.model.impl.Symbol
com/epam/jwd/parser/TextParserFactory.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.TextParserFactory
com/epam/jwd/interpreter/Expression.java
 com.epam.jwd.interpreter.Expression
com/epam/jwd/parser/impl/SentenceParser.java
 com.epam.jwd.parser.impl.SentenceParser
com/epam/jwd/sort/SortStrategy.java
 com.epam.jwd.sort.SortStrategy
